 as a result, the british government of the chinese people, who have to be paid on property.
 the provisions of article 4 of the convention are not related to the provisions of article 4 of the convention.
 the economic performance of the economy during the 1 quarter of 1993.
 the department of peacekeeping operations accepted the recommendation and pointed out that the candidates would be included in the recruitment of recruitment.
 the 1 step of the 2 phase of the 2 phase of the 2 phase of the 2 phase of the 2 phase of the 2 phase is the basis of comparison.
 in the light of china's tourism market, there is an analysis of the price price price of the chinese tourism market.
 as a matter of fact, the existing vacancy rate of the shopping and shopping market.
 the most difficult thing is the most difficult to predictions of the situation in the year.
 it is important that the intention of the country's intention of the country.
 a spokesman for the israeli occupation forces, the occupying forces and the occupying forces have to stay in the same time.
 in some of us, some of us, that it would be impossible for such action to open the process of public and transparent consultations.
 this is extremely useful for member states to understand the complexity of the court.
 in january 1996, the family planning department of namibia has now been established in january 1996, has become a major non-governmental organization on the health of health.
 states parties have the most critical health problems affecting women in the country.
 it exercises its full entry into force of the international treaty.
 although the current activities are still limited, but the size of the space activities will be expanded.
 it is therefore necessary to be necessary to conduct an investigation into the facts.
 there is a need to be adequate and predictable resources available to the project.
 those who are committed to the law, the international community is the council of the united nations council and the operation of the united nations council.
 parents are unable to keep hand with the responsibilities of the responsibilities.
 " we are now pleased to see that the implementation of the system and hong kong people enjoy the results of the system.
 on the list of speakers, he will speak on behalf of the group of 21.
 the government understands that the home ownership scheme must be avoided up with the private property market.
 we look forward to strengthening the control of the united nations.
 in accordance with the provisions of the basic law, the 2 term chief executive was elected by the chief executive.
 a person who is not appropriate to prevent the use of the installation devices.
 it is also established in the country of the country, and the 1 foreign trade electronic trade in october 1998.
 in 1996, the growth rate of the gross domestic product is expected to be revised to 5.0<unk>.
 after the first time to visit the visit to china to visit china to visit the visit to china to visit the visit to china.
 the government of chile, on 8 june 1996, the government of chile, on 8 june 1996.
 as a result of the reasons mentioned in paragraph 18 above, the panel finds that the claim for military volunteers are not computable.
 such appointments should be made on the president of the general assembly to negotiate with the presidency of the general assembly.
 the two countries of the two countries, the government of the government of the republic of belarus and the government of ukraine.
 member of the world trade organization panel on india and the united states.
 the warmth of the king's family, school law is not a new new, so decided to have the same choice in the university.
 however, the committee has pointed out that the services of the state service is not respected.
 article 54 of the constitution refers to the establishment of the building education system in which the state will establish the necessary institutions and services.
 a spokesman for the treasury spokesman said today (december 30) said that it would be hoped that the use of the internet through the internet is registered.
 mr tsang finally expressed appreciation to the assistance of the marine department and other interested parties.
 good.
 at the same time, a number of a number of these groups needs to be preconditioned.
 8 on the morning of this morning, a tropical cyclone warning was gradually returned to normal.
 this is regrettable that the draft guidelines prepared by the conference.
 therefore, we believe that the authorities of the indonesian authorities will wish to address these problems.
 official official languages, including english, russian, french and spanish this year.
 trading in hong kong and local local financial institutions and local local financial institutions and local local financial institutions.
 " in the long run, we are planning to build more multi-diprotegrationalals, which is planned to build more multi-strealities in the area.
 it is important that the multilateral cooperation cooperation in multilateral cooperation will be feasible.
 the culprit was subsequently arrested and sentenced to theft of theft.
 there was a concern of concern that the donor community in the area of the region are concerned.
 in the case of the prosecutor, the prosecutor has made a appeal to appeal to the france.
 the trend trends in these countries have caused a negative impact on the economic and social stability of the economy.
 on the week, seven days of the week, seven days.
 our socialist socialist socialist socialist states countries have entered the world, and to the south-south.
 thirdly, special emphasis was placed on the implementation of the strategic implementation of sustainable development strategies.
 the united nations can play a key role to play a key role to bring the development of developing countries.
 " i do not know know the sword sword, " he said.
 (15)) on the other hand, an international vision on the right and thinking of the words and thinking.
 more than 2 months of the terrorist attacks on 11 september have been 2 months ago.
 china's ministry of health said that the government of the chinese ministry of china said that the avian flu bird flu epidemic is quite effective.
 chile, with the view that the preventive deployment of the united nations peacekeeping force will be able to prevent the end of violence.
 but in this critical juncture, there is no clear recognition of the terror union of terrorism.
 i am very pleased to see that the executive authorities can find more rationale dialogue with different voices.
 a spokesman for a spokesman for the african group and commended unifemififies unifemififies unifemififies unifemififies unifemififies unifemififies unifemififies unifemififies unifemififies unifemif
 the government of the chinese government intends to build 13 13 coal-borne coal.
 at the end of the ancient times, the tide of the tide of the river.
 as part of the day-to-day supervision exercise, the hkma will continue to monitor the credit card credit card in the monitoring of the system.
 in our country, the arab language is the 2 largest official language language.
 the university and teachers of the university of the university and teachers.
 the credentials of representatives shall be issued either by the heads of state, government or the minister for foreign affairs.
 the contents of the contents of the public are concerned about the economic and social sphere of public concern.
 the vast majority of the states members of the vast majority of the overwhelming majority of member states have indicated their membership to increase the permanent members of the council.
 depending on the issue of the issue, the customers will be sold out in the six months of the year.
 mr deputy director and the department of education bureau, mr deputy director, mr deputy secretary for the bureau, and the department of education.
 in the wake of the year 1960, the hong kong society is a member of the foundation.
 if the electors and election activities can be made easy to determine the extent of the judge.
 the united nations membership of the south pacific states members of the south pacific states members of the south pacific countries, announced the resumption of the resumption of the pacific nuclear tests.
 the age of age is 15 years of age.
 the cost of service is $ 20 yuan, " he said.
 as a result, the bulldozers, in many instance, even the residents in many cases have even been affected.
 these actions are to be the police, the armed forces, the security forces, the security forces, law enforcement and the public.
 in fact, i am to the belgium of belgium to contact the european parliament.
 at the present time, the concept of national sovereignty, national security and the maintenance of peace and security.
 such information can be made to help identify the real responsibility of space objects.
 at the 1st meeting, a statement was made by the president of the co-generals salamm ( pakistani).
 the committee affirms the need to strengthen the process of the process to consolidate the rule of law, democracy and civil society.
 the conference urges the conference on disarmament to agree on a programme of work, including the immediate establishment of such a body.
 bars shops and the residence of the israeli army was called to stop the end.
 the text structure is even more appropriate in the context of the text.
 this is not only the high priority of the people of the people.
 he did not talk about the heart of the hearts of heart.
 we shall not be able to see the valuable advice of the academics of the academics, we can never be able to be heard.
 as the saying goes, the saying goes, " do not have to be done.
 the most important state party party is expected to be expected to be expected to be accelerated by the new millennium democratic party.
 after the days of the days, the days of the temple, a pair of lightings.
 the mainland is open to taiwan's visit to taiwan, the local business industry has expressed their view to optimize optimism.
 the most common aspects of the inter-ethnic jurisdiction of the inter-confidence of the inter-confidence of the inter-confidence of the inter-confidence of the inter-confidence of the inter-executional economic zone, as well as a zone zone.
 the spokesman advised members of the public to make a report to the police as soon as possible.
 the director-general of the united nations community, as a director-general of the united nations.
 the executive board may wish to take note of the report to the report.
 in accordance with the international convention on the international conventions, it is in accordance with the provisions of the provisions of the national law.
 a new era of the united nations general assembly adopted the adoption of the universal declaration of human rights.
 the committee commends the importance of widespread protection of human rights, especially the human rights of women.
 er, it is published in the world, there is no room for a long time.
 the principle of non-discrimination is therefore a constitutional principle of the principle of non-discrimination.
 we are celebrating the very uncertain uncertainty of a history of a history of history, the two-year period of the two years ago.
 since the government's government, the printing department's homepage has risen significantly to nearly 60000 in november.
 this situation has occurred in the case or in the present case.
 the state party may wish to address the issue of such problems in the near future.
 the work of the commissions work will depend on the capacity of its members and the committee.
 the registration letter of the registration of registration must be signed by the original school.
 the contract has been signed, the working group and the provision of travel services will be reviewed in september 2002.
 but as you know, we are aware of the " quality " is not important.
 it was generally agreed that the international community to terminate the conflict of conflict.
 one of the requirements of the users is to assess the damage of floods and infrastructure.
 as a result, the government's 1 step in hong kong would have to be followed up with the co-operations of hong kong.
 with regard to the mano river, the regional office has to assist in the implementation of confidence-building measures in september and october.
 a total of 1<unk>3 of the offence, as a result, the minimum and the highest levels.
 initial enquiries revealed that the bullet was shot into a shot.
 during the time of analysis, the waiting time for the analysis analysis, the applicants can be able to share the applicants in three categories.
 this is one of the main reasons for the spread of the spread of aids.
 in the wake of the modern era, it is an example of the product of modernisation of modern society.
 this would be possible to ensure peace and harmony in harmony and to promote the development of national and cultural development.
 in the case of food prices, i do not know the business community's weather in china.
 this is not only possible to strengthen the local production of local local films, and facilitate the production of the hong kong region.
 i think all the people of the people can understand that the real return of the united nations will be held in the last year.
 on the basis of the good health of health, the symptoms of good health, the symptoms of the disease is relatively minor.
 coordination with the united nations government cooperate with the united nations.
 in the face of the market, the parents and parents have chosen to make a better personal personal condition.
 if the more double-digit figures would be very serious.
 the vietnamese people of viet nam and laos, will continue to seek voluntary repatriation.
 experience has shown a significant improvement in the system of the new system.
 at the same time, the establishment of nuclear testing is of utmost importance to nuclear testing.
 article 31 of the basic law stipulates that hong kong residents have travel and freedom of immigration.
 they also believed that this could lead to a precedent for all types of vessels.
 right.
 since the government has been aware of the question, he also heard a view of the legal advice, but the government will never give legal advice to the public.
 as at the end of 1997, there were a total of $ 700000000000 in hong kong.
 so far, more than 30 tons of aid items have been delivered to goma to goma.
 the committee expresses its appreciation to the board of the board and new technologies in the 21 century.
 the gap between men and women are reflected in the gap between the men and women's life.
 on the other hand, it is not possible to be impossible to engage in trade in egypt.
 madam president, the march processions are not the right of a number of people.
 the delay will affect the credibility of some about the credibility of about about.
 recently, the private sector and the foundations foundation has increased significantly.
 there are no other view, the teacher's teacher <unk> "
 i am very excited about that it is very excited about that i am very excited.
 there are two types of identity cards, one is to be the residents of the population.
 as a result of time, i have not been able to provide all the services of all services.
 this is surprising that the recent political development of the united kingdom, it seems that it would not be possible to help hong kong's resolve this problem in hong kong.
 some of the models of the models include the development of the three per cent of the three per cent gulf.
 9 of the percentage points of a percentage point is that the changes in the currency exchange rate has been recorded in the currency exchange rate.
 illicit arms transactions are carried out in place to control the installation of arms and export facilities.
 switzerland is not in no way tolerate the use of the swiss financial system in the future.
 most of the people who have a diploma diploma or degree of places will be made available to a diploma or degree of graduates.
 details of the project works in the 3 quarter of 1999 was shown in the table.
 with regard to the details of the commission, please see the commission on the financial and capital market.
 it is hoped that the united nations television television station in the near future.
 the commonwealth of civil society in the commonwealth commonwealth has been made available in the commonwealth official official.
 the chinese delegation believes that the future efforts of the international nuclear disarmament efforts are now being placed on the 10-lockets and the outlook for the future.
 so i support the support of the honourable leung leung, so that it is, therefore, that i support the support.
 the observer for the united nations, africa and the american american association should be recognized in the opinion of argentina.
 " we have planned to conduct a survey on the performance of the university of the university.
 we are not talking about the chinese version of the hong kong government in the mainland.
 the commissioner was held in new york from 21 and 22 may 2001.
 however, the model law has been set up by the model law (i.e, the signature of the signatory, dependence on both sides and certification services.
 as a result, it is expected that the rate of the implementation of the national programme programme is very low.
 the committee will consider the view of the perspective of a gender perspective.
 " the sar government supports enthusiastic support from the mainland as early as possible as early as possible.
 for example, only one of the part of the african region of sub-saharan africa) is only a telephone call.
 the press must also respect the dignity and reputation of the united nations and the united nations.
 the israeli authorities have also been closed on a number of closures between the gaza strip and egypt.
 as a result of the speed, speeding up to speed up, more sophisticated input inputs, and all sectors of all sectors have benefited.
 in the meantime, there is a need to be a set of print-prints, a bookletes, and a booklets are in the name of the two side.
 36. the 2. 2. the 2 is the development of knowledge, technology and technology ability to hong kong.
 she would like to be able to go to the radio, television, television, as well as to listen to radio, television, reading, singing, singing and crafts.
 on the other hand, the children of taiwan grows, they are indeed very difficult to look at the impact of them.
 as a result of the cost, the amount of calculations can be made in the value value.
 in fact, the secretary for housing to invite the secretary for housing, i would like to explain explain the relationship with the reconstruction of reconstruction.
 an independent expert group has been entrusted to an independent expert group to encourage the consultants to work in its work.
 i do not have a close eye to the eyes, but often, often the reports are often heard.
 (a) it is interested to submit formal applications to the application application forms of the application application forms.
 in the film film, there is a great number of people's " opterleseualia, " thomani-changi.
 the united nations will face the test of the test.
 the director of health, director of health, the director of health, the director of health, as well as four years later.
 it is difficult to be difficult to make it difficult to be difficult to make it difficult to be difficult to make it difficult to be difficult to make it difficult to be difficult to make it difficult to be difficult to make it difficult to be difficult to make it difficult to be difficult to make it difficult to be difficult to make it difficult to be difficult to
 in the case of the department, women account for more than 50 per cent of the present number of existing staff.
 the court found that the buyer has not been able to fulfil its payment of payment of payments.
 the independent human rights association of the region and the league of the league of human rights.
 if 159 member countries, the sponsor sponsors sponsor <unk> sponsor <unk>x <unk> <unk>  <unk>
 iraq is requested to provide a response in the form of a supplementary report on 16 august 2002.
 the sfc and the financial centre development group has made a report on the status of hong kong's financial status.
 the meeting was of the view that the holding of the holding of elections is the privilege of the general assembly and not the privilege of the security council.
 visitors can also be able to return to a number of occasions in modern civilizations.
 we have a great goal to develop hong kong into an international city in asia.
 at the same time, the director of social welfare department, the director-general of social welfare, and the fund management committee of the social welfare department, and the management committee of the social welfare department, and the fund management committee of the social welfare department, and the fund management committee of the social welfare department, and the fund management committee will be
 the honourable s selina chow suggested that the strengthening of the juvenile police station would be given to the use of the juvenile police station.
 in the overseas markets, we have found a breakthrough breakthrough in overseas markets.
 as for the amendment proposed by mr lee cheuk-yan's amendment, i would like to point out that the honourable lee cheuk-yan's amendment, i would like to point out that the honourable lee cheuk-yan's amendment.
 shanghai <unk> export companies, zhejiang province is similar to the above-mentioned situation.
 the hong kong association of hong kong will be able to meet the use of a commercial decision.
 the consolidation of the united states government and the people of sierra leone have been a priority of the united states.
 according to the he said, the history of history is that the history of history is in place.
 the development framework of the transitional government is the role of the state in the economic and social sphere.
 the committee recommends that the state party consider the consideration of the terms of the employment of employment.
 this is the strength of the peace process in the democratic republic of the congo.
 however, there is still a need for many work, reducing tariffs and non-tariff barriers.
 the representative of costa rica noted that the mission became the members of the committee.
 israel is proud of the old traditions of the world.
 <unk> the director of the office of the office of the directorate office, mr. p.c.....
 the dancers of the dances have been set out of the flowers of fresh flowers, and then let the audience.
 the most worrying of the situation in the community of the united nations are most worry about.
 as a result, the children of the child children have been infected with the disease.
 questionnaires have been sent to the government, national group and the united nations agencies.
 in addition to the other hand, the team will be able to look over the world.
 the aim is aimed to be aimed at the pressure of 3 parties, peace-building, in order to pursue the ethiopian war.
 a 3 alarm fire was reported today (february 2)) morning.
 we plan to introduce the legislative council in 2004.
 people of the people of kosovo, the community of the community should not be able to take place in the future.
 we should not forget that all these public funds are absolutely not available.
 on the other hand, the university degree of universities in local universities will be in the coming year.
 i have recently visited the general assembly of the resident residents in the district.
 it shall be appropriate to refer to the written submission of these written statements.
 mr james soong said james soong-yukong said that james soong-yukong said that james soong-yukong said that james soong-yukong said that james soong-yukong said that james soong-yukong said that james soong-yuong said that james soong
 the committee also noted that the additional information was made available during the reporting period.
 there was a major train bombing explosions on the 22 on 22 22 days.
 the activities of the special rapporteur, non-governmental organizations, lawyers, lawyers and journalists.
 this is not a matter of the use of the use of the people of hong kong.
 international trafficking of trafficking in international trafficking are also included in other fields, including the clothing industry, agriculture and construction.
 i do not feel that it is not a part of the community, but i have often heard the religion of the religion.
 therefore, i am afraid that the chinese government is not eligible to be eligible for the future sar government.
 we need to assess the impact on the relationship of the administration and the legislative council. "
 okay, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, mr. qiuchhai.
 as a matter of fact, we have been part of some of the provisions of some of its own activities.
 he further noted that the volume of trade in latin america is 12 per cent annually.
 the unemployed unemployed has been reduced to 193.3,000 people are also the first time in four years.
 in 2004, the united states and export bank of the united states is the united states export export of $ 17800000000 in the world.
 two informal ministerial meeting will be held on thursday, 5 june and 6 june.
 at the present time, the government is considering the possibility to consider the legal action in the old premises of finance.
 the proposed establishment of 36 posts have been set up by the support account.
 in taiwan, he has made a reference to the 3 route " is the main reference for the government of the government.
 right, on the basis of a double-edgededed sword, we have won the chart graphs.
 in addition, the transport department has increased a daily basis on a daily basis, with a number of eight to 12.
 as for the political and religious freedom of religion, not only be written in the constitution.
 i would like to draw the attention of the council members of the council of the council.
 if we wish to look at the scene, the meeting was at the same time.
 the records of the records shall be issued on board 3 years after the last month.
 china has reduced 20000000 people.
 a large number of bangkok people are bangkok in bangkok, the bangkok centre of bangkok are in bangkok.
 we fully support the similar declarations on behalf of the secretary-general and other united nations representatives.
 during the period of the period, the taxi taxis will be able to pick up the car parks of the taxi park and hing road.
 the transfer of conventional arms transfers of the united nations have registered the transfer of arms between the sovereign states.
 according to the latest figures, a number of local employers, as a result of economic growth.
 it needs the consensus consensus on the consensus, " the spokesman said.
 such punishments are not only the citizens of the czech republic, and no persons who have not been paid refugees.
 when i go to the child, i have all been able to find a deep understanding of the movement.
 the commission on human rights and human rights rights also participated in the international seminar.
 research on the risk of the gender disparity between gender and inequality affect the risk of risk risk.
 it is estimated that these technical applications potential for these technology applications can be used in the potential of these technologies.
 the government announced today (december 22) the appointment of 12 members for a period of two years.
 the 3 category is to be paid to the elderly.
 " the east asian region has built the financial surplus in the east asian region, should also be used in order to use them. "
 swd has already contacted the family members of the family, to provide psychological counselling services.
 the maximum cost of accommodation for the state burden is to be able to reach 80 per cent.
 these developments have further exacerbated the post-cold-war era.
 there appears to be some difficulties in the number of refugees in west timor.
 almost all, there are virtually no local level of these people, resources have been exhausted.
 it was also agreed that all foreign troops from all foreign troops were invited to be withdrawn from the democratic republic of the congo.
 with regard to the recruitment of the police, salary pay, training, training and management of the police.
 " the checks are also found to be made available to traffic, public utility facilities and other contents. "
 now, after 30 years of the 30 years, the concept of common heritage is not included in either or in some of the international conventions of international conventions.
 the ministry of the buildings department and the floor floor of the buildings department.
 it is envisaged that the deployment of all helicopters were deployed before the 1 round of balloting.
 i wish the hong kong hong kong hong kong will always be a happy step forward, and a happy happiness.
 for a long time, there has been a number of manufacturing industries in hong kong.
 we therefore stress the importance of the nuclear powers of the nuclear powers of the nuclear powers.
 in contrast, the united states largest internet service will only be maintained in every 20 user users.
 since the opening up of the opening hours and opening up the opening up, the country has made a major contribution contribution to the strategic strategic objectives of the world.
 in the light of the weather, we will be able to reach a long time in my country, and 60.
 i hope that the secretary-general of the secretary-general can be held in the general assembly hall.
 <unk> there are no provision to the guardianship of the guardians under the appointment.
 for example, the agreed measures agreed to be implemented in the region of the region.
 i do not know the friends of friends of friends of friends.
 mr howard young young: madam president, the employment of workers, employment and other difficult issues have already been brought over to some time.
 " even if they enter the entry, they should not abandon abandon the " trick ".
 otherwise, the draft articles will lose its actual role in the draft articles.
 as a result, the average inflation rate of the last year last year is an increase in the average inflation rate.
 this is to say that the right to use the rights of the mainland and taiwan in taiwan.
 the current age of greek cypriot greek cypriots is 66 years.
 the last weekend has also been made available on the weekend on the weekend.
 the project will also enable more public understanding of the diversity and maintenance of diversity in diversity.
 in view of the number of applications, the government is studying whether there is a need to increase the number of loans.
 the above assets are carried out by the judge judge.
 it is clear that the only way to bring their back on their return.
 medical supplies from unrwa primary health care facilities are based on the basis of the standard of medical supplies.
 it is not the only way to redistlocked land.
 based on this subject, the meeting was to remind the attention of the people who have died or maimed.
 at the end of the end, there was a number of crafts products to be purchased.
 motorists are advised to take the command command of the police officers at the scene.
 this conclusion was surprising that, as the legal adviser, earlier earlier, the legal adviser had previously been referred to under his competence.
 in the assistance of the ilo, the government of benin is considering considering the possibility of the existing social security system or personal scope.
 they have lost their lives in life-long life, impact on the activities of their activities.
 in 2001, the eu, japan, the united states and the united states and the number of developing countries.
 after the implementation of the scheme, it is expected that many of the colleagues will have the first time for the first time in the first time.
 he was said that the officials of the ministry of interior had reportedly been told to visit his family.
 a 40-year-old man was arrested in the vicinity of a 40-year-old man.
 in fact, the only place for low-level low-level services are low-level services.
 the project has shown that a policy-oriented policy on the policy experience and performance of credit subsidies.
 just now, mr lauriamam lau has been made the " youth charter for youth ".
 the three men suspected of conspiracy to defrauture the woman.
 they shall be open up to the development of currency, financial, trade and other policies.
 for the level of international moral and international law, it is impossible to support the united kingdom and british war against iraq.
 the real development concept should be included in all the universal universality of human rights.
 the state practice shows that there is a difference between the length of option of option.
 the islamic state of afghanistan is looking forward to the security council to consider the agenda of the previous agenda.
 a large number of people living in poverty, although the asian economic crisis was caused by the asian economic crisis.
 as a result, the countries of some of the poor countries are not available available to the lack of funds.
 recognition of the role in neighbouring countries and the economic sphere.
 " the security council is deeply concerned about the deterioration in the situation in and around the republic of croatia.
 in view of the warm weather, the nine temporary cold shelters operated by the home affairs department has been closed today (february 5).
 to this end, the objectives of the people of the people, together with a view to achieving the objectives of the people.
 the company found that development, manufacture and sales of the world.
 as a result, the veterinator also attended the scene to report about the symptoms of bird flu. "
 the analysis of the mission has analysed the survey data on the basis of a number of missions, verifying the recommendations of the recommendation.
 if the floods of the new territories northwest new territories are to be able to implement the shenzhen river project.
 capitalism, organized crime and corruption.
 chen chien-chen's painting, the 1 round of his job-time job-seekers, and the result of which he had to work out his job seekers.
 the two-way-way permit can be reduced to 40 minutes.
 the report on the situation of the palestinian economy of the palestinian economy.
 <unk> not to see a large number of cash or valuable property.
 at least 17,00 persons were shot dead, and 38 individuals were buried dead.
 the working group, as well as the international human rights service, has dealt with these issues in the seminar held in 1997.
 the 28 immigration officers officers and 13 police officers were located in sham shui po.
 as a result, the contracting contracting contracting contracting contracting contracting parties to consider the change of measures.
 economic growth in the developed and developing countries and economic growth has been particularly important in developing countries.
 in the case of the same source, there were more than 800 people who were alleged to have been killed by the communist party of nepal.
 pursuant to paragraph 22 of the law, the offence of a crime against terrorist activities were committed against terrorist activities.
 mr president, the question will be resolved at the end of next year.
 in the 1990s, there were more than 200 million children in armed conflict, and more than 600,000 permanent permanent disability or injuries.
 this would be helpful to the development of development in the development of development. "
 basically, this is a genuine guarantee of the government's commitment to the development of the development of development.
 warnings will be issued a warning letter to the department's satisfaction, the spokesman said.
 the proliferation of hiv <unk> aids pandemics in our region are also concerned.
 in addition, we have once again been called on the international reputation of the world.
 following the construction contract, the highways department today (july 20)) signed a value value of $ 6880000008000000.
 i have the hong kong legislation to refer to the basic law.
 3, in the field of non-traditional cooperation.
 most of the major sectors of the major industry industries and the underemployment situation in the major sectors are stable.
 i believe that this is not easy for an easy quota system, but it will be able to make more people with people with disabilities.
 in addition, australia is actively engaged in the negotiation of the international convention on international conventions on the suppression of international conventions on the suppression of international conventions for the suppression of international conventions for the suppression of international conventions for the suppression of international conventions for the suppression of international conventions for the suppression of international conventions for the suppression of international conventions for the suppression of international
 the regulation, together with the factory factory and industrial operation (ornance)) regulation will be effective effective effectively.
 the lack of confidence in the united kingdom and the libyan arab jamahiriya.
 we firmly believe that the report of the secretary-generals report contains the right direction in the future of east timor.
 in some areas of the world, the number of people in the world are growing in some parts of the world.
 we look forward to co-operate with the industry in this regard, " he said.
 the state party submits that the same reason to apply to the present case.
 he was informed that the causes of the conflict in the durfurf conflict is the dispute on the land land in the region.
 the amendments have also been set up to the future development fire service bureau and open space.
 otherwise, the international community may have no choice but can only be any other choice from liberia.
 a total of the details on the details of the details have been made available to the elderly.
 the scene.
 as a matter of fact, the proposed practice of the garrison act is almost less than the same.
 the spokesman pointed out that the purpose of the establishment of a central provident fund system is not encouraging to encourage the proceedings themselves.
 the chairman of the joint meeting of the joint meeting of the joint meeting of the joint conference would be very useful, and will follow follow up follow-up action.
 we will also be grateful for the review of the district boards in 2003.
 the secretariat of the secretariat on 1 avenue will be limited to the permanent representative of the permanent representative.
 in the face of the village, the villagers are to be relocated by the villagers and 220000 trees, have been able to succeed in the past.
 the institute for reform was established as a result of the transfer of land transfer, which is the result of the transfer of land transfer.
 according to the information provided by the information provided, the advisory committee did not oppose the posts of these posts.
 anyone who is committed to the girl family, who have witnessed the girl or who have said to have the girl or the girl, please call a call to mong kok police station.
 in 1997, the institute of the institute designated a formal document of the institute for improving the quality and productivity programme.
 in the case of this morning, i would like to talk about the issue of two issues in the area of speech.
 to this end, it is the necessary means and means to promote social development.
 ruf is not the forces of the army, it has also affirmed the command of the forces of the army.
 the field control system is aimed at the end of the united nations assets assets.
 but this is not possible to be possible to be possible to be possible to be impossible.
 for security reasons, in order to protect the environment, it is necessary to protect the environment and to protect the environment.
 in the 14 century of the 14 century, we are in the common system of common law systems.
 worse, the threat of the destruction of nuclear weapons exist have seemed to be rooted in many cases.
 in the village of the village, the village of the village are so scared to take place.
 the armed conflict in the darf region began in february last year.
 the right to discrimination is a part of the international protection of human rights.
 the commission's procedure is confidential, in accordance with the rules, any document or addresses are prohibited.
 however, as the economy recovery is gradually recover, and i believe that the hong kong sar will return to the future.
 in the course of the choice, it is the option to choose the contract contract.
 efforts will continue to be a challenge of a challenge.
 they are reasseded that it is not possible to reconventify the pace of depletion.
 at the time of the time, he is, the general election of the general election of the general assembly.
 asianet daily summary-press releases issued on friday, 16 november 2001.
 however, it is possible that the only one has been sent to the court trial of the tribunal.
 in order to avoid conflict, the role of the council must be coordinated with the role of the court.
 the loss of life of life, particularly those of children, are always sad sadly sad.
 the seizures of the operation, including $ 50000.
 in recent years, there has been a rapid change in the world economy.
 the guidelines have been made available on the websites of the buildings department, have been distributed to all management companies and owners ' corporation.
 they have considered the view that the use of a scientific science technology, which could not be science.
 although the member states calls on the basis of the plan, but its progress is being hampered by the shortage of resources.
 at about 3 p.m. at the time of the time, a car car bombs at the centre of the town centre.
 senior security security officers of the session, as well as the individual members of the individual shall be sent to the united nations security security service.
 the latest information on the latest maps and the new efficitative information has been removed from the rescue agencies.
 as a result, more than 15000000 citizens, including students, men, women and children.
 however, the united nations peacekeeping force and other united nations bodies have been carried out in the mission.
 the royal government of cambodia's royal government has provided legal protection, and to protect the human rights of these people.
 so, once again, the housing department's housing department has also been able to inspect the housing department's housing department, which will be inspected up again.
 the drop-out rate drop in the secondary school is still higher than the boys and boys of the university.
 anti-moneys and anti-appointments are at a very high degree of high-offs and a high-pronged part of the conflict.
 there are no difficulties in respect of setting up and access to such private schools.
 but it was not surprising that the decision to make her decision on her decision.
 as a result of 8 subs, the transport department issued a warning letter to the transport department.
 so, the united states is, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er.
 the president of the world bank, chairman of the world bank of the world bank.
 if the senior government officials are interested in the interest of the government.
 in addition, the changes in the international system of international systems, particularly the dissemination of new technologies.
 there was no doubt that it could not be possible to be seen in the affirmative that there is no doubt that it could not be said.
 it has been proposed to propose the lifting of the united states market in the united states market.
 however, in the longer run, the government still intends to recruit the recruitment of recruitment candidates.
 in addition, 3 of the 3 children have been released, but the next day, the next day to report back on the next day.
 mr tse has made a statement on the modernization of the hong kong trade ordinance.
 the more representative is to vote in the ballot, the more representative representative of our organization.
 a one-minute ballistic ballistic missiles are about 13 minutes.
 if he is not enough, he is not enough enough, and i believe it would be preferable to believe that there will be a number of them.
 this is obviously clear that the administrative administration of the administration is being made by the administrative administration.
 the armed attack in december 1963, the armed attack on the turkish cypriot community was an armed attack on the turkish cypriot community.
 the delegation of argentina proposed that it should also include the model model.
 we are investigating the canadian authorities of canada to understand the details of the case of the court. "
 the chinese delegation expressed appreciation to the appreciation of the work of the subject.
 no one has to be moved to him.
 with regard to the lack of instability in the marriage situation, she asked how to study the problem of the division.
 the fact is that the environment is even worse than than one year.
 the government announced today (april 20) announced the appointment of members of the commission and the appointment of the commission on innovation and technology adviser.
 he will carry out major changes in the futures and to strengthen the supervision of the banking industry.
 as a result, the information provided by non-governmental organizations and other important organizations participating in all levels.
 the delegation said that most of the majority of the majority of the majority were used by the forces of the organizations and individuals.
 " the achievement of these achievements have been made in the past and the current present number of our colleagues. "
 the presentation ceremony will be held in january next year.
 in order to improve the standard of child living and improve services, parents will pay a certain cost of costs.
 further efforts are needed to be made in order to facilitate the results of the work of the public.
 those criminal acts are not allowed to be implemented, financed and other means of other means.
 on july 26, this year, a security guard gave the two burglaryy suspects.
 the council believes that he and other perpetrators must be responsible for their own actions.
 under the traditional business environment, the marketing profession can only take care of the clients of the business environment.
 pursuant to article 54 of the 54 constitution, the territory of the republic of the republics territory shall protect the same protection in the law of the territory.
 the member states of the states members of the european union have been consistent with the instructions given by the member states of the european union.
 the pfcc <unk>  <unk>c <unk>  <unk>c <unk>  <unk>c <unk>  <unk>c <unk>  <unk>c <unk>  <unk>c <unk>  <unk>c <unk>  <unk>c <unk>  <unk>c <unk>  <unk>c <unk>  <unk>
 it reaffirms its importance to the importance of the treaty on anti-ballistic missile systems.
 the performance of the region has continued to be weakened by the japanese economy in the region.
 it is unrealistic to be unrealistic to say that it is unrealistic to be unrealistic to use them.
 as a result of the other hand, it is also necessary to be able to be able to be able to be used to be used as a result of the other hand, to be sold out.
 in the wake of this year, the technical development of taiwan province has been mature mature, and a breakthrough in the near future.
 despite the condemnation of the international community, the security council has adopted a number of resolutions, a multiethnic, multicultural and multi-ethnic religious society.
 the hkma will implement the regulatory framework and standards of the licensees of the sfc.
 the first time for the first time, the first time for the first time came to the first time.
 we want to see the universality of the university of peace.
 the population estimates are the essential parameters for the project and the study of the project.
 many years ago, the chinese new year chinese new year will be held in the chinese school year.
 the government of the united states government acknowledges that the bank of cuba should enjoy diplomatic immunity immunity.
 secondly, the award is to be paid under the rule of an instrument of adjudication.
 in the course of the competition, the students have to have to cope with the accident, such as power, black power, black-tributors, blackballs, the network of equipment, and the network of equipment.
 we are currently considering considering the views of the industry.
 staff of the board also visited the office of undcp in thailand and china.
 the bill has not been given special reference to the use of a company or a company.
 it is also surprising that the chinese people's name will be used in the name of the name of the chinese people.
 the department of health (dh) has provided health education to family members of the disease.
 i would like to talk about the problem of peace-building.
 the non-governmental organization also proposed that the high commissioner should take the initiative to the special rapporteur's recommendation.
 at the time hand, we have refused to take the necessary action to take the necessary action, we have refused to take the necessary action to take the necessary action.
 we are closely investigating the importance of the question of palestine in the middle east.
 if members of the council members agree with the concurrence of the members of the council.
 these include a threat to the concept of sovereign sovereignty, they have been engaged in the promotion of the concept of sovereignty.
 the maintenance of security and peace in the world are not allowed to work in the development of the international community.
 a number of a local state of emergency was extended on 15 december.
 a few days of the taliban occupation of mazar-sharif, the authorities have begun to travel to other detention sites.
 the unique nature of the missile is very difficult to be used in order to threaten the threat, deterrence, coercion, corctor, self-defence and servicitality.
 the government's policy has been adopted as far as possible, as far as possible the standard of standard software products as a platform platform.
 in addition, 106 private children centres have also been maintained at the same time.
 after this incident, the two sides have taken military action, but the front line has not been made to the front line.
 in addition, the general assembly of the general assembly also designs a wide range of new ideas, and innovative crafts are also designed to allow the children.
 however, there are some immediate danger to some immediate danger, the relevant departments will take some immediate action.
 the experts could be able to take a new pattern of image images in the commission database.
 a 10 per cent vacancy rate of the local level is 10 per cent vacancy.
 the use of coal to natural gas will also reduce reduce the emissions of the natural natural gas.
 works will start in early next year and is expected to be completed in early 2001.
 in the manufacturing sector, the large number of establishments of the large establishments of the large establishments of the large number of persons are employed.
 in accordance with the 2 section of chapter 23, chapter 2 of the sweden penal code, the maximum limit of penalties for the purpose of penalties are applied below.
 the general assembly has recently taken recently adopted resolution 56<unk>282 of the non-self-governing territories.
 mr. wang, (china) (china) (china) (china) (china) (china) (china) (china) (china) (china) (china) (china) (china) (china) (china) (china) (china) (china) (china) (china) (china) (china)
 on 14 february, the government of the government of rwanda confirmed the rwandan government of rwanda to the rwandan government of rwanda.
 of these, 63 of them were implemented by non-government organisations, and the rest of the 19 federations.
 in conclusion, i would like to refer to the two spanish spain's special interest in spain.
 there is a need to be a non-reservedable manner, which will be the case.
 secondly, the capacity of small and medium enterprises (the " smes)) use the capacity of smes.
 8 days later, the u.s. on the two sides of the united states are over the same way.
 more than 2200000 of the tables will be displayed at the hong kong park.
 the survey will provide a reliable basis for the entire territory of the entire territory, particularly in the poverty level.
 one of the special attentions of the students are the new opening of the new exhibition in this year.
 in 1993, hong kong has abolished the abolition of the death penalty in 1993, it is precisely the major trend of the world human rights.
 it is also important to be known to be a very effective manner which is also effective.
 15 heads of the 15 catholic churches and the international community, as well as the numerous staff members of the international community.
 in particular, he was revised in 1999, the legislation had been revised in order to empower the independence of the competitions.
 the secretary for foreign affairs division, the secretary for foreign affairs division was held in beijing.
 he will be held jointly organised by the hong kong trade development council and the french association of france.
 it would be possible for the international community to cooperate in cooperation with each other.
 on 19 january 2001, the ministry of finance has submitted a response to the letter on 19 january 2001.
 he said: " the government's objective is to stabilize the property market.
 mr lau ping ping-kungung has just said that the application is required to apply the application.
 the delegation delegation said that the proposal may be found in the 10 to 14 and 22 of the charter.
 in any case, there is a need to collect information on the data storage of stock and production records.
 attention should be given to note that the data on the data contained in these tables are to be obtained from the relevant agencies concerned.
 i remember that some of them have been used in many instances, many of them ".
 i believe that many people will not agree with this view, but will be opposed to the extension of the land departure tax.
 in accordance with the contract, the provisions of the contract, the need for transport <unk> transport issues must be agreed upon.
 the armed forces of the angolan armed forces also captured the attack in the southern part of the country.
 in the case of our decision, we intend to extend the extension of the scheme, we intend to have the impact on the problem of labour.
 in addition, a speed speed of the trains, speed speedy speed, and a speedy speed, the price is $ 800000000 yuan.
 the court was received by the government of the people's republic of china.
 the work of such work work is still being taken and approved by the division.
 police will take special traffic arrangements on january 6, so in order to be held on january 6.
 private universities have also paid the tuition tuition fees for the student economy.
 improving our relationship between our relationship and egypt, as well as the resumption of multilateral negotiations, as well as the resumption of multilateral negotiations, as well as the resumption of multilateral negotiations, as well as to resume the multilateral negotiation of the region.
 he is very strong in the very strong strength of his responsibilities, and it is, that he will be grateful to the hearts of the disease.
 a number of police officers will ask the question of a complaint by the police.
 notwithstanding the results of the outcome, it is not possible to provide the sale of medicine in medicine and a german company.
 it welcomes the treaty on the non-nuclear-weapon states to ratify the treaty on the non-nuclear-weapon states.
 israel has also continued to keep the opening up of the western part of the al-sharif.
 in fact, this year's eve of this year's year, the tourism industry has not received a number of complaints about visitors from the mainland.
 " i am sure that you will become an important asset of the two places, " he said.
 he then said that it is not possible to note that the government of the united nations <unk> amp; quot; <unk>. .......
 the depreciationation of the ministry of defence, which reflects the assistance of the latter.
 so, if you are concerned about the demonstration, i agree with the right of the demonstrations.
 the private car was immediately fired on the scene.
 although it is, the evidence that they are still being carried out.
 governments have adopted various approaches to control the monopoly of these monopolies.
 however, it must be noted that, in the absence of the role of their respective respective countries and their respective counterparts. "
 i believe, not only affect the impact of today, it will also affect the future future.
 the political turmoil of the environment and the environment have been made up to the level of development assistance.
 in the case of the military, the immunization system is like the army.
 both citizens and the voters of the voters are very high.
 this has led to a decline in the gaza strip, and leading to salt salt water.
 i think that this week of this week has shown the significance of our common appeal.
 i also wish to thank the secretary-general to express his gratitude and appreciation to the secretary-general.
 we need to comply with this international responsibility, " he said.
 in particular, the political instability of argentina has made a sacrifice to rebuild democracy.
 the doors of the west is only a legendary of her own legends.
 it is important to the fact that it is important that it is important that they are known to be known to the world.
 as a matter of fact, it is the important part of the united nations involvement of the united nations.
 in history, no other child children can be seen in the history of history.
 " the spirit of the peaceful spirit of peace is the whole continent and to bring about a bright future. "
 as the newly ad hoc committee ad hoc committee, i am determined to have a good good basis on the basis of the ad hoc committee ad hoc committee.
 otherwise, the sanctions are likely to be implemented as a means of the moral instrument of punishment, with the desire of the international community.
 in recent years, the seizures of cocaines in recent years amounted to low cocaines in recent years.
 in that connection, pakistan supports the proposal of the united nations bodies to consider the request of the international court of justice.
 the mandatory provident fund schemes authority (who) has issued a detailed arrangements for the establishment and operation of the relevant industries.
 he was then accompanied by a police vehicle in a a police vehicle, and he had been able to get in place.
 with regard to the environment, the international efforts to protect the nature of nature of nature.
 the secretary-general has already put forward the united nations development of the united nations.
 there is also a need to be more clear to clearly identify the results of the public news.
 mr chan kam-lamun said that he said he has said that the words of the words is in my name.
 lithuania has also attached great importance to the role of the international forum for combating terrorism.
 in the united states of the united states, the united states president of the united states was overthrown by the court of appeal to the court.
 with regard to this point, the internally displaced persons displaced persons and in the northern part of the province.
 as a result of the war of war and air strikes in kabul, some of the international organizations have to go from city.
 in the light of the current economic situation, we urge the government to consider consider the feasibility of the cost of pre-employment training courses. "
 at the most time, i can only take up the local government, said that the government is only to do so.
 currently, the operation of the operation of the government receives $ 40 per year.
 a 10 per cent amount of $ 10 per cent of the amount of 10 per cent of the united states dollar, which should be made available to the exchange rate.
 the president's view and his wife is unanimous in line with the view of the president.
 the world trade conference on trade will be held in the world.
 in the case of the above, the committee's proposal to recommend the basic capacity of primary and secondary schools.
 it is not surprising that the language of the expression of a more rich and more permanent person would have a more enriched language in the context of the so-called consensus.
 periodically, regular regular and 7 minutes (the 30-minuteminute 30-minuteminute 30-minute filming of 30 minutes.
 any person affected by the amendments will be submitted to the secretary of the town planning board.
 with regard to the specific contents of these two ordinances, the hong kong progressive network is basically in favour of that.
 on the contrary, the import of imports of imports of imports, and the number of two volumes were recorded.
 recently, the most recent example of the most recent example is to be built in sha tin, with the integrity of the country park.
 the contents of the various types of projects are contained in article 11 of the model law.
 the chairman of the hong kong institute of surveyors, the chairman chairman of the hong kong institute of surveyors, the chairman chairman of the hong kong institute of surveyors.
 on 15 june, the 12 juveniles arrested in the operation was arrested in the operation of 15 june.
 this issue has often been made to the ministry of foreign affairs of the ministry of foreign affairs, but at present, there are no progress.
 regional security systems have expanded its capacity to collect information on the caribbean region in the caribbean region.
 she also wished to know how much information and information on information and information on how information and information on how information and the commission would be used in the use of such information.
 in order to protect the interests of consumers, the democratic party has proposed this motion debate on behalf of the democratic party.
 turkey supported the director-general to encourage the director-general to encourage the director-general to encourage the director-general to encourage the director-general to encourage the director-generals policy, but the host country should provide financial contributions or in-kind contributions.
 however, 15 different countries of the different countries of different countries were different from different countries.
 a request for legal assistance in accordance with the procedure provided for the treaty.
 there is a need to be possible to ensure that the remaining 70000 people, or at least one of them, are most of the most people of those who are most of them.
 there should be no change in the list of states, direct victims continue to be the elderly.
 hon lee cheuk-yan will move an amendment to hon tam yiu-chung's motion.
 as to the underemployment rate, the underemployment rate, the construction industry, and the manufacturing industry.
 owing to the budget constraints, there are limitations on the costs and expenditure of the lawyer.
 this is an exception to the exception of a period of time, it is not impossible to have to be detained for too long.
 at the same time, the time of the next day, these local cities have to be returned to the young people.
 in the case of the bank, the banks do not want to see the government's banks to deal with their business.
 enquiries on the programme can be made available to the program: 24251.311.
 so the taiwan strait taiwan strait can be used to study the study.
 the procedure for the georgian penal code, the procedure procedure for the georgian penal code (the account) of the georgian penal code.
 " we also believe the need to improve the training and traffic aspects, " he said.
 since the 50 years of 50 years, albania has been one of the most recent dictatorship of the continent.
 we do not agree in favour of the pressure on the north korean nuclear issue.
 then you will ask why it is not allowed to join you.
 he was released on a few days later, he was released on a few days later.
 investigations by accident investigation team, traffic, traffic, traffic on hong kong.
 finland will be actively involved in the efforts of the conference, a comprehensive treaty on anti-personnel landmines.
 in addition, article 13 to 18 should be considered under the subject of reference to the subject of reference to the subject of the activities of the united nations.
 1970 to the soviet embassy of the soviet embassy, the soviet embassy of the soviet union.
 a code of ethics of ethics of the legal activities of the conflict area.
 the prerequisite for prerequisites should be the subject of fairness, non-discrimination and objectivity.
 the answer is the affirmative that the answer is affirmative.
 all over the other hand, there are no room for sale in the home ownership scheme.
 in the same period of the same period, the number of births in hong kong.
 however, i am concerned, to deal with the fact that the handling of this issue dealt with the heart of the balkan peninsula.
 some leaders of the chinese side, the chinese side said: " the chinese people can do it.
 more than any other groups, they need the attention and care of the family, social and the government.
 it was reported that in other parts of the pollutes, these foods have been exported in other parts of other areas.
 the choice of the choice of children's choice, the luxembourg set of reservations made in the convention.
 they further discussed the need to prevent the country in the country.
 in the short term, a short-term perspective, the government should carefully discuss the views of their views.
 in the case of the last decade, i would also like to also like to also like to also like to also like to go to all the victims of the victims of the victims.
 eheh, kwongeh said that the name of the taiwan edition of the taiwan edition are all the copyright.
 the overall plan is to assist the girls and women of the women.
 he is very pleased that the administration and palau is committed to uphold the environment and culture of palauth.
 on july 1928, the chinese communist party of the chinese communist party, the chinese communist party.
 in the promotion of chickens, there are a number of staff members of the farms, with a view to improving the development of women.
 the advisory committee requested a copy of the memorandum of understanding of the memorandum of understanding such arrangements.
 in this connection, the committee has made an effort to understand the whole behaviour of iraq.
 the special rapporteur has conducted a visit to rwanda.
 those who have lost their fighting.
 the result of unaccounted balance, which is due to the end of the united nations extension programme.
 furthermore, as a member of the international donor community, we will continue to provide direct contributions to the palestinians direct contributions of the palestinians.
 scientific and practical applications in the field of remote sensing should be enhanced.
 in accordance with the basic law, the hong kong special administrative region (hksar) is all interested in the hong kong special administrative region.
 in the reporting period of the reporting period, 40 enterprises of the services industry amounted to $ 216000.
 in early june, the members of the council members involved in part of the nuclear tests conducted by the members of india and pakistan.
 i take this opportunity to thank the friendly states, international organizations and the united nations to continue its assistance to the country.
 we are instructing to play a friend: aware of their own lack, honest and honestness of their families are not under way.
 in the wake of the past few months, the storm has caused a very painful adjustment period.
 ah, in the light of the corner, we have also been closed yesterday.
 after the protest of protest, some people of the public are emotional, and the police are using high water water.
 the establishment of a programme of work for the establishment of trade points (s) has been developed in recent years.
 i think the most important thing is that the civil service civil servants allow them to discuss with you.
 the committee is concerned about the impact of the system of pension systems, the impact of women's impact on women are affected by the impact of men.
 (c) the office commander of the force commander: due to the information dissemination of the office of the office.
 in fact, the increase in the world economy and international trade is expected to be reduced.
 the department of development department and the family and family support division has already been carried out.
 " the exhibition is extremely successful.
 the international community should treat human rights at the same time as the same time.
 in spite of the apparent difficulties, these positive developments have been made in a number of its figures and diversity.
 similar to the 2 provisions of the joint declaration of the joint declaration, also see the article 122 of the basic law.
 he was then kicked up with me in the legs.
 as a result, a total of 17 per cent of the 17 per cent of the 17 per cent increase in december.
 the committee wished to know the findings of the incident.
 however, women's ability to participate in the society of women is clearly evident in the economic and social development of women.
 the discussions of the general assembly and the commission reflects a clear picture of the issues of common concern.
 it must be necessary to end the despair and suffering of their despair and suffering.
 " we will strive to protect all the important elements of all hong kong's success. "
 in view of the position, the chinese side proposed a reasonable solution to the chinese side.
 after all, only $ 12200000 us dollars were used to purchase the purchase of humanitarian goods.
 the rent index for the consumer price index reflects the changes in the price changes paid by the hong kong population.
 in the event, the jurisdiction of such an approach will be made available to the original security items.
 he believed that china will succeed in the preparatory work of the beijing olympic games, china will certainly succeed in the 2008 olympic games 2008.
 in february this year, the committee considered the key issues of employment employment in february this year.
 the way we will face the situation in the face of the economy.
 in 2000, the protection of women in 2000 was also prohibited from eight to 21 weeks.
 there has also been a significant improvement in the installation of the two cross-boundary transit corridors is a key transport transport route.
 we welcome all to see a look at the scene.
 in this connection, the financial secretary, financial secretary also agreed and show that it would be possible to be able to work as soon as possible as possible.
 for the people of the public, the great hall hall of the general assembly has also been made available in the hall of the public.
 in most countries, the population of the population is far faster than the overall population growth.
 a 45-year-old man was killed in the fire.
 in addition, the national records of the national archives of the national archives of the national archives of the national archives.
 ladies and gentlemen, the opening ceremony of the chinese space technology science and technology science and technology technology.
 their discipline disciplinary discipline must be carried out in their disciplinary discipline.
 these proposals have been made over the years, the proposal made by the public.
 a police spokesman stressed that the public has no reason to worry about the cause of the public. "
 police urge members of the investigating officers of the missing person in kowloon east.
 in this connection, the secretariat was informed of the secretariat to review the review of the united nations system-wide timetable.
 the young-year-oldold-year-oldold-year-oldold-year-oldold-year-oldold <unk> tr......
 this incident has happened in close proximity to the way in close proximity to the road.
 as a matter of fact, the unemployment number of unemployed persons are higher than the number of unemployed persons.
 the fact that some of the heavily indebted poor countries have already been removed from the decision of the decision to be suspended.
 in the end of the century and the millennium, we see the great achievement of human beings.
 mr deputy president, in explaining the amendments, i would like to say a few words on the subject subject.
 the number of casualties in the armed conflict is the civilian population.
 2. people will be put on the 3 stage, revolutionary revolution, the revolutionary revolution of the revolutionary revolution.
 i believe that the chinese government has promised to consider the accuracy of the basic law in the basic law.
 violations of these rights can be brought to the competent court of justice.
 the united nations is to deal with many of the challenges of many of the challenges.
 this provision is to be used to meet the growing needs of the iraqi people.
 note: the chinese chinese charity fund and the chinese temples of the chinese temples ordinance.
 it is also difficult to be very difficult to be difficult to distinguish between the participation of voluntary and physical recruitment, is also very difficult to be very difficult to be very difficult to distinguish.
 on the day of the day, the day of the day was written on the day.
 at the same time, it is expected that the inflation rate of inflation in the year is expected to be nearly 10 per cent.
 mr wong chu also mentioned that he is tired of the fact that the legal profession of the legal profession are in the view of the legal profession.
 i have also agreed to agree with the amendments to reduce the recommendations of some of the existing administrative provisions.
 i have to repeat the need to repeat them, it is clear that it is clear that we have already been very clear.
 a number of the conclusions and recommendations of the c session session of the commission.
 the management system is a complex complex project.
 if it is still, not enough to be purchased by the friends of hong kong.
 in order to tie with the relevant measures, the department of the fire services department, the lands department and the planning department.
 mr. wang yingjian (china) (china)) (china) (china) (china)) (china) (china) (china)) (china) (china) (china) (china)) (china) (china) (china) (china)) (china) (china)): like other colleagues,
 furthermore, the military observers and civilian police are not able to ensure the safety of security.
 the objective of the text is to provide a number of political choices and rights in the countries concerned.
 responding to the report, a three rooms in the hotel and the three rooms of the hotel.
 they must be able to accept the continuing professional training, their registration <unk> authorization <unk> authorized authority.
 the education department will be invited to take part in the allocation of schools in the central allocation.
 however, these technical costs have been made to implement these technology costs.
 i would also like to say that it is not good for a little bite to him.
 in the 3 operative paragraph 3, the contradiction between the operative paragraph 3 is even more obvious.
 it is compulsory for the minimum age of service to the community.
 the view was expressed that the draft guide should address the issue of the representative of the insolvency representative.
 i do not repeat the fact that i would like to repeat the fact that you will be able to give them more justice.
 in the absence of any other speaker, the chairman will announce the end of the debate.
 he said: " you do not want to be a dark one. "
 i believe that the ceiling ceiling should be made in the future.
 the 2 sisters, the two sisters of the two sisters have been held at a night.
 " we should continue to enhance the quality of service standards, which is the expectations of our society.
 this can be a major step forward in the future to be a major step forward in the future.
 it is now clear that the members of the community is now clear in favour of the bill of rights and establishes the freedom.
 in my view, the government is like the government's own ".
 however, when the delegation visited new york, it has been able to stop the united states.
 " the pace with the pace of economic recovery in south-east asia will be significantly slow.
 his delegation believed that the court should be in line with a number of criteria.
 in order to reduce the flow of funds, i think the government should be more active in the longer term.
 the convention on the vienna convention on the vienna convention relates to the question of reservations of the human rights treaties.
 myanmar had chosen the path of democracy: the government of myanmar is in the process of establishing a democratic democratic state.
 it was also reported that the rwandan soldiers of the rwandan soldiers said that the rwandan rwandan soldiers were allegedly seized.
 " we will appeal to the appeal notice as soon as possible, " he said.
 (b) private land is the responsibility of the land ownership of land.
 this has enabled the poor more vulnerable to the poor.
 we also consider the view that hong kong's life in hong kong is one of the city city of hong kong. "
 in a number of countries, cross-boundaryboundary cross-boundary cross-boundaryboundary cross-boundary cross-boundary cross-boundary cross-boundary cross-boundary cross-boundary cross-boundary cross-boundary cross-boundary cross-boundary transit belongs, such as smuggling or breach of foreign exchange control.
 more than 9595<unk> of the salaries tax and personal income income can be received within the next two weeks.
 however, we have to overcome the sadness of sadness, the consideration of japan must be done.
 in the sudan, the women and family affairs of the social development department is responsible for the tenth anniversary.
 he also served as a chairman of the secretary and organization of the secretary-generals committee and the chairman of the committee.
 the exhibition is organized by the permanent mission of italy and the department of public information.
 similarly, the differences in the life expectancy of births (table 3 and chart 5).
 secondly, the checks and balances between the executive and legislative council.
 even in the light of the shell, there are no public transport, almost all the pedestrians of the street.
 it may be the case that we may have been different from the status status.
 next, let us take a look at the policy of the bush government.
 in addition, members of the commission also observes the investigation of the office of the office.
 when i look forward to me, i would like to talk about my speech.
 despite a good financial performance, structural adjustment programmes have not been able to reach its objectives.
 right, there is a little bit a little bit different from that, there is a little bit different from that.
 if we want to the united nations, we must have the united nations to have the united nations to have the united nations to have the united nations to have the united nations to have the united nations to have the united nations to have the united nations to have the united nations to have the united nations to have the united nations to have the united nations to
 the financial secretary's budget referred to the " lion lion rock ".
 the housing authority is responsible for repairing the works of the ground.
 after the appointment of the deputy chairman, i believe that this is the last chairman of the legislative council.
 " the number of industrial accidents and accidents in the catering industry is a downward downward downward downward trend.
 the croatian police force also operate on a regular basis and vehicle patrolling of the control zone.
 with regard to the fundamental problems of the public concerned, mr cheung kwong said that the committee has pointed out a misconception basis.
 the united nations needs need to be more supported by the united nations.
 the administration will consider carefully consider all the views of the registration scheme.
 president: mr martin lee, the honourable martin lee, and you are not appropriate to ask the question.
 in fact, the government has already been able to reduce the salaries of the civil service pay.
 in the evening of the evening, he will visit washington to washington on the last trip to washington on the last day of the visit.
 exports of the united states exports from the united states have increased from 22 per cent in 1990 to 28 per cent in 1990.
 the web site is scheduled to be completed in 2004.
 at its 12 session, the tribunal decided to submit the matter to the parties of the states parties.
 she also gave her her shoes.
 in spite of the analysis of the analysis and quantity of analysis, the present version of the data data are shown in the form of data.
 however, the report pointed out that, although the local market is limited in the local market.
 the advisory committee agrees that the current contribution rate of 2.7 per cent.
 the results of the international community in the fight against fight against fight against terrorism.
 the administration has already recognized the interests of the sovereign state of the sovereign state.
 but the current economic growth of the government, the government's surplus has been a large number of national heads of state.
 it should be like that such a matter of such a way, we should have to be done so.
 the under-secretary-general under the under-secretary-general under-secretary-general is not determined to determine the time time for the commission.
 in the past three years, a large number of documents had been made available to the cost of water supply.
 the treaty is limited to ban the nuclear explosions, but the improvement of nuclear testing, and the improvement of nuclear testing, the quality of nuclear tests, and the improvement of nuclear testing, the quality of nuclear tests, and the improvement of nuclear testing, the quality of nuclear tests, and the improvement of nuclear testing, the quality of nuclear testing,
 they did not think that it was not possible to be able to visit him with him.
 as a whole, the overall size of the whole is much greater than that of its part.
 (b) light <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> light <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> 
 the people of the green paper on the green paper is really a saying that eight.
 in 1993, a member of the chinese government of china, and to member members of the arbitrators.
 the department also issued 25 occupation permits -- seven on hong kong island, kowloon and the new territories.
 priority was aimed at long-term strengthening the cooperation and infrastructure of national human rights and human rights.
 this age group is about 5 hours per week.
 this phase will lead to a single standard rate of reimbursement for all other equipment and equipment.
 we need to take care of the international law of international law.
 at the present time, there is a rapid economic scale, economic cooperation, economic cooperation and the world is speeding up the expansion of the world.
 and the chinese people's relationship with the museum and the museums of the museum.
 in the meantime, the opening up of the escsses, the thundsesses, and in the light of the depths.
 i have talked about the response to the exploitation of the exploitation of women in west africa.
 but the most fundamental thing is the most fundamental commitment to peace and national reconciliation.
 the number of chinese exporters and investors in the european union.
 there are few signs that there is a great deal of illicit drugs in fiji.
 in the event of such a seminar, the staff of the participants are very happy, but we all know that this returns is not a source of time for the time being.
 on the other hand, a brazilian man, fogn, a modroo, and the south sea seas have become the most powerful source of species of taiwan.
 these women are also subject to discrimination on the same period of equal remuneration, or in the hands of their labour.
 (a) the more than 50 per cent of the countries of the country.
 at the 1 time in the history of the history, saint luoonia has been the 1 time in the 1 time in history.
 sometimes the non-governmental organizations attempt to influence the government of government.
 this polyticism is a product product in the rest of the country.
 recently, some of the group groups have been able to come out, oppose the 1988 election in 1988.
 however, as the people of the people's population, as long as there is a large number of refugees refugees will continue to be sustained.
 in the capital of baghdad, a police office was attacked by car bombs, causing at least five deaths and 19 wounded.
 in the last few months, the police were charged with the reduction of human rights abuse and other irregular cases.
 he was elected to highlight the advantages of his profession, his personal personal qualities and his personal personal qualities and his personal personal qualities and his personal personal qualities and his personal personal qualities and his personal personal qualities and his personal personal qualities and his personal personal qualities and his personal personal qualities and his personal personal qualities and his personal personal qualities and his personal personal personal
 as the tourism industry is " people-oriented-oriented ", no one can survive.
 at the time of the buoyin, 10 10 per cent shall be required to be 1733.
 in the words words, the words " the " withdrawal " should be removed.
 at the same time, the department has also been trained in the general service of the general service department.
 the debtors debtor should also be responsible for the responsibility and maintenance of their assets.
 i am confident confident that these arrangements, especially in the context of mutual legal assistance, and in the future, the results of the results will be displayed.
 however, we have not seen any meaningful progress to see any meaningful progress.
 at the time of the time, the presence of the scenes have been removed from the scene.
 the council has also started to hold a new a new year, which is open to all members of the united nations.
 the democratic republic of the congo indicated that all measures have been taken to ensure that all measures have been taken.
 as mentioned above, the office of the document did not mention the office of the office.
 i have accepted the fact that some of these things are to be held in the election.
 equitable distribution of wealth is equally important.
 the two vacancies have to be filled, the meeting was suspended.
 the carparks of the centre centre will also be suspended closed.
 at the present time, the growth of customers ' portfolio is still a stable growth in the growth of customers.
 many people have to be able to enjoy the convenience of the cardpark.
 in mid-july this year, li li-kangon, who has visited japan to attend the 8 world summit of the world summit.
 the 3 least developed countries will be held in brussels in brussels in brussels in brussels in brussels in bruselsels.
 the works of the project is part of the development of a comprehensive development plan.
 in accordance with the commitment, france will submit its report to the secretariat.
 the chairperson also stressed that the secretariat needs to be fully involved in full participation, including the preparation of background documents, including the preparation of background documents.
 we are fully aware of the importance of the committee on human settlements committees.
 new york, 11 november, new york <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> .......
 xiaoping was well known to the well-being, he has been satisfied with satisfaction with the satisfaction of the girl girl girl.
 " at the end of the " safety, occupational safety and health management: the revolutionary revolution ".
 if you want to ask you, you have to come to you.
 the new advantages of the hong kong new airport is one of the most advanced techniques and other technical equipment.
 despite the limited financial difficulties, a large number of money can be made available for a large amount of money.
 as for the contents of the draft articles, the draft draft is too complex and needed to be reduced.
 this is not only because we have to safeguard the rule of law, as well as we have to uphold the rule of law.
 the percentage of the total distribution of resources for the biennium 2002-2003 includes table 81.
 as the secretary-general said, all states are required to fulfil their generous commitment to their generous commitments.
 of course, the author is not opposed to the employment of our university students.
 it wasn't easy to be found at the time to be found at the time of the age, it is known that there is a difference in the event.
 the israeli occupying forces also destroyed a large number of houses, destroying the homes of the village.
 in the light of the above, the above-mentioned symptoms should be consulted on the basis of an early stage and to facilitate the early detection and treatment of their doctors.
 child prostitution is to provide provide access to the use of the use of the child.
 this is not true that these are not a good success.
 meanwhile, the increase in the value of orders in the metal products industry increased further increased further, the year-on-year increase in the year-on-year increase is 2<unk>.
 as a result of the long term of african countries, the debt burden accounted for a third of these countries.
 as a result, we are now taking into account the debate, and we are now looking back to the same point.
 the council of the council and the members of the council are participating in the working group, rather than national representatives.
 as to the expert unit, the expert unit has been provided in more advanced tactic training.
 the whole project will be completed in the autumnautumn 2006.
 south-south cooperation should not be seen as a complement to the south-south cooperation and should be seen as a complement to it.
 investigations by special investigation team, special investigation team, traffic, new territories south, are continuing.
 the network of family relations is the collapse of the family, the traditional structure of the family structure are under way.
 in order to ensure the high quality of chinese textbooks, the administration has established a set of chinese language textbooks.
 another point is that the bank can best be able to do so.
 some people were said to have been injured in some of them.
 while the ethiopian delegation appreciated appreciation for the role played by unctad in the field of this field, the discussion panellists are only interesting.
 the united nations military contingent contingent of the united nations military contingent will assist the people of the united nations military contingent.
 however, it is essential for these policies to be effective in the education, health and management of education.
 however, it is reported that the person who had suffered the person had been transferred to the end.
 in order to avoid the issue of political parties, the election of election costs should be controlled and transparent.
 it is expected that the information and exercise of the information provided by the working group on the right to development.
 it was not surprising that mr. suen yunlong has reached a few wave of waves of thousands of waves.
 the chairman of the medium and medium-sized enterprises commission, the ad hoc working group on three working groups of the three working groups working group.
 asianet daily summary-press releases issued on tuesday tuesday, 2001.
 as a result of the history, the people of the new territories are affected by the collective collective staff.
 we welcome the creation of partnerships in these areas. "
 if we do not want to make a look at the computer. "
 prior to may 1998, the security forces of the indonesian security forces and the local people are not in the same way.
 please watch the next four-line series of new zealand's 4-day series of new zealand issues, and innovative countries.
 the commission adopted the relevant provisions of resolution 1111 (1998).
 during the trial period, the proposed recommendations on the proposed implementation of the project was proposed by the pilot system.
 a number of programmes of the seminar on this seminar can help enhance the public understanding of this issue.
 if a person is 65, have equal employment and income over the age of 65.
 in general, this information would not be revealed that the information would not be disclosed in the case of the general assembly.
 he is confident that he is committed to the success of the law.
 the special rapporteur has requested the competent body to be reviewed on the basis of the international standards of international standards.
 " the labour department will provide a non-profitgraduate graduates in the scheme. "
 since china has recently joined the world trade organization, as well as the 2008 olympic games will be held in beijing.
 recently, one of the academics of universities in hong kong are attended by the university of hong kong.
 as a whole, the existing system and balance of the existing system has already been carried out.
 he said that, if someone is theft, then his hand, his hand and his hands, also ensured the safety of thousands of people.
 the kosovo serbs participation in kosovo serbs have shown the importance of the importance of the authority of the provisional authority.
 this is the headquarters of the ruf headquarters of the ruf headquarters.
 as far as the " taipei city of taipei is now on the door of the new painting.
 this requirement is not entirely possible for the official's official name, " said the spokesman said.
 born in 1944, new zealand, the university of germany, and the university of australia.
 in the traditional market, two chickens are used in the traditional market.
 details of the proposal, in both english and english, will be put up to the public inspection of the project.
 it is because the democratic progressive party has created a new democratic progressive party.
 in the manufacturing industry, there are indeed a number of staff choices.
 the claimant has provided the export credit guarantee of export credit guarantees.
 with the help of non-governmental organizations, the government has developed plans to implement the implementation of the action platform for action.
 the committee recommends that more attention was given to the accuracy of the requirements of the estimated requirements.
 in accordance with the health act of health, all persons have the right to receive medical treatment (art. 5).
 the european union considers that the lusaka agreement is the most viable basis for the conflict.
 " there is no one wonder that there is no one to know how many of them can be done. "
 the present text of the red scene, liaoning people's publishing publishing publishing committee is published.
 madam president, the secretary michael suen, the secretary michael suen said that we do not stop in any way.
 in the atmosphere of the dark atmosphere, i may say that some of the things are more important.
 the government of the japanese government in the annex is contained in the annex to the above statement.
 after the performance of the performance, the response reactions of the audience was very enthusiastic.
 i may also quote some examples of some examples of some of the chronic diseases and to the hospital authority.
 it is necessary to amend the proposed amendment to reflect the latest development of the latest developments in kowloon.
 as a matter of fact, all of them, all of them all arrived in beijing.
 the panel is supporting the support of ensuring the gender issues of gender issues in 2001.
 she has the highest highest moral and moral nature of the highest highest.
 all relevant departments concerned will be involved in the planning plan, to re-establish the victims of the victims.
 with regard to the obligation of the state party, the committee pointed out that the report would be referred to the current situation in other countries.
 it is estimated that, in the case of a case, 100 fighters have been able to test out about 15000 small arms.
 secondly, the reduction in the situation has been reduced.
 let us first take action on the draft resolution on the interests of the peoples of the non-self-governing territories.
 the defendant pleased to recognize the daughter of his daughter.
 moreover, there are no cash cash in the current peacekeeping level, has been no cash.
 my delegation is also very grateful to the under-secretary-secretary-general for the under-secretary-general for the under-secretary-general of the under-secretary-general.
 the attractiveness of developing countries in the foreign capital has led to a result of financial instability.
 the international seminar on international seminars on 24 and 25 june 1998.
 as a result of the transfer of banks, the number of banks in hong kong remained unchanged.
 this is mainly attributed to the concept of a number of countries in the past 5 years or has not been achieved.
 the new phenomenon of aids and orphans have been suffering, and the spread of the population of the tribes have become more heavy.
 in january this year, the council was informed of the council on the council in january this year.
 our assessment is that the conditions for return to sierra leone or liberia.
 this figure will increase the number of people of the population of africa.
 at the same time, there is a number of developing countries and regions, such as thailand, china, indonesia, korea and india.
 in the united states, we have to spend more than 115 000 advertisements in life.
 i believe that the humanitarian situation of the humanitarian situation in the humanitarian situation of the humanitarian situation in iraq.
 this is a matter of how to play the issue of the themes of the world.
 oios urged the department of disarmament to help the department of disarmament to make a financial commitment on the new part of the new state.
 in the case of the united kingdom, we do not have to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able.
 at the end of 2004, the chief executive, the deputy president, the deputy president, the deputy president, the deputy president, the deputy president, the deputy president, the deputy president, the deputy president, the deputy president, the deputy president, the deputy president, the deputy president, the deputy president, the deputy president, the deputy president,
 the 4 area is the establishment of the rule of law.
 the council has established a working group on reducing waste reduction in the government.
 the honourable martin lee lee said that the government did not respond to the matter. "
 in the day of the performance day, he is the following day before the performances of the national music association.
 the surplus of the gross surplus of the total receipts accounted for 17.2<unk> of the total receipts.
 in the course of post-conflict post, children are in the area of society in society.
 the civilian population forces of the bosnian serb forces force on the civilian population of the bosnian serb forces.
 a spokesman for the department said that the completion of the two-week period of two weeks have been successfully completed, and the overall response rate is 90<unk>.
 the chickens were used to test test and blood test. "
 he said the secretariat hoped that the executive board will provide guidance to these practices.
 the demilitarized zone is about 240 kilometres, and 10 kilometres in kuwait.
 more than 70 per cent of the work of the family service is more than 70 per cent of the child.
 consequently, a number of measures to ensure the needs of women prisoners are met.
 consolidation of the regime established by the treaty on the prohibition of nuclear weapons in latin america and the caribbean.
 taiwan's 1 member of taiwan is also a result of the war in taiwan.
 the central meteorological meteorological museum is expected to be affected in the south china south south china.
 the present section has reviewed the reasons for the reasons that the right to food can be heard.
 at the end of the 19 century, the cattleds of the 19 century, have taken hand into taiwan taiwan in taiwan.
 the criminal code of criminal law and criminal procedure law would be revised in the penal code of criminal law and criminal procedure.
 any person who did not have the necessary authority to comply with the procedures for the arms manufacture.
 the government and the business sector of the business sector, aimed at consolidating the confidence of the international community.
 however, the federal budget of the armed forces is too large, and the federal budget could not be maintained.
 after the dinner, the opening ceremony of hong kong in hong kong should be held in the chambers of hong kong.
 speaking at the opening ceremony, the director of home affairs, mrs the director of home affairs, mrs the director of home affairs, said the director of home affairs, said: "
 on 30 may, a new fighting was taken by the general forces of the general public forces in the west of the north-west.
 a large number of data data in the computer system and a number of major issues were also available.
 this document will include a voluntary basis on the basis of the regional forum members of the asean regional forum.
 on the day, the soldiers said that the items will be returned to the end of the day.
 " the late implementation of the mpf system will be the need to implement the mpf system.
 the committee was informed that the replacement from the united nations aid mission from the united nations aid mission.
 on the contrary, they are often used as the enemy, the people of the people are the enemy.
 the railway system is an integral part of the hong kong system of transport systems.
 according to the provisions of the convention, it was recognized that the troop-contributing countries had been recognized a major partner partner of peacekeeping operations.
 i think that this would be very merryful that i will be sorry sorry, i have to take my vote.
 china is fully committed to ensure that hong kong is the rule of a asset class.
 it appears that, despite the intention to use this procedure, but they have not been used to use this process.
 as a result, we do not want to go to the new area.
 the results of the examinations will be issued in july.
 so far more than half a century is 1940, has so far exceeded half a century.
 however, the honourable president, the bill is to be implemented within the transitional period.
 after the arrival of the united states, he arrived in los angeles, which was arrested on 3 october.
 the financial secretary for the financial secretary, mr antony leung said that the 2002 economic outlook for the next three years of 2003.
 economy also highly dependent on energy resources, particularly natural gas and processing.
 some experts said that the statistics do not have a full effect on the size of the problem.
 therefore, we need to make different bricks in different areas of different areas.
 with the opening up of the economic reform and opening up of china, the exchange rate exchange rate system has been able to have a long period of price, the exchange rate exchange rate system has been able to have a long period of price, with a view to the price of foreign exchange.
 in shanghai the shanghai forum has been set up in the shanghai forum.
 at the same time, the united nations must also recognize the need to change its fundamental basis.
 we will continue to continue to keep the young people's young people, with a great adverse impact on health.
 as a result, the result is that: apart from the other hand, the number of women in the community.
 this year marks the total revenue of $ 1000,000 a year, representing a total of $ 545600 were in the same year.
 these provisions should be made to the chinese side with the chinese side.
 non-monetite items in other currencies are the united nations operational exchange rate of the united nations operational exchange rate in other currencies.
 we also believe that the establishment of the international criminal court is to promote respect for respect for international law and human rights.
 in addition, we are more than two consecutive years. "
 after the incident, i am aware that the doctor of doctors have also expressed dissatisfaction with the parties concerned.
 " there is a need to amend the plans to reflect the latest developments in the port of lantau island.
 this is forced to import negotiations in the phase of this stage.
 in order to achieve this end, the member states must be required on time, the assessed contributions and unconditional contributions in which they have legal obligations.
 information kept in the central register of establishments is updated on a quarter basis.
 for half a century, mankind live in the dangers of the cold war.
 he said that it is a prime minister of the prime minister cabinet.
 in all cases, we are prepared to take the end of the period 2003-04 period.
 there are no other group to be separated by the individual.
 the conduct and serious violation of article 3 of the geneva conventions " is comparable.
 2. the key accounting policy for these financial statements are contained in the financial statement.
 in the southern part of yunnan, there will be a heavy rainy in southern yunnan and in the southeastern areas.
 on behalf of the comoror and the people of the comoros and the people of the comoros.
 undp has not yet been created as a result of the structure of the undp community.
 the bureau of the united kingdom and ukraine, as chairman of the two delegations.
 ohchr will promote the promotion of the right to development, plans, policy and operational activities.
 the vocational training council is an average of about 70,000 examinations can be accommodated at the average time.
 after the escape, the culprits escaped, the victim was allowed to be sleeping on their premises.
 the administration has announced today that today is a country of the country.
 for example, in the 3 phase of the 3 phase of the 3 phase of the 3 phase, but it has been late late late to do so.
 " it is important that the peace process should continue and should be able to work and employment.
 the volume of printing has been reduced by 30 per cent.
